[Music]
hello welcome back to another video I
hope you're really good in today's video
I thought I'd do a bit every day in the
life and discuss some things fitness as
well as some of like my favorite meals
and my workout don't forget to hit that
like button is very much appreciated and
really helps my channel on everything
and yeah we'll just get straight into it
and I am ready for the day I'm working
from home today so I've just wearing
some joggers and a little top I've
mentioned in a few videos and obviously
on my Instagram that like am i've
stopped putting the heat on the hair I'm
just trying to get my head back in good
condition like I bleached it so much and
just completely ruined it so yeah I'm
just wearing those with like hair masks
at the moment smoothie coconut oil and I
got it off Amazon or if this isn't
sponsored by the way just use it as well
like when I put my hair up to kind of
like flatten things out I picked up
quite a few bits and Sainsbury's I'll
show you what I've got and you don't
need to you go you going for a few bits
and then end up doing like a blowing for
food shop
[Music]
my studio door spinach some mangodis
actually on at first a banana almond and
sweetened milk I go through this like
there's no tomorrow then I picked up
some coconut milk if you have an
espresso machine this coffee is amazing
I've got this as I'm going away next
week and I'm away for two weeks so and I
just wanted to bring this along with me
because nothing worse than not having
coffee or like the coffee that you like
that'll mix match of rice just super
easy and quick hassle-free these corn
crispy negates they're just so nice and
quick like I've got so much on this week
because like I said I'm just getting
ready to go away and everything so
everything I just want to be super quick
and easy bagel thin avocado I've already
got eggs in for like lower fat cheese if
this just an essential Penelope absolute
you love cheese gonna make from
overnight oats as well for this you'll
just need a blender and some scales or
the nations like containers have got
measurements on than you anyway 250
grams or 250 millilitres of unsweetened
almond milk one banana hundred twenty
five grams of mangoes mangoes but I
think mine was like another book there
is one of my favorite fruits well as
much spinach as you like always like I
cut a lot out of it it's not too half
full I'd say a piece please of Chiefy
food is cheese in Katrina's
just as we've got the end I just like
the texture for me doing it like nothing
else
six grams or cashews about 15 grams of
cinnamon Danish at whey protein I would
probably recommend like a vanilla
protein and that's like a different
taste but this is what I've put in at
the moment so this is definitely
optional right if you don't want to add
protein 30 grams and then just like a
handful of ice this just makes it colder
[Music]
oh so there's about like another glass
full in there so that's leftover
everywhere so do a taste taste mmm that
is absolutely delicious and for a green
smoothie is so so nice you have got to
try this it is so yummy
this week I've just felt a little bit
off like I'm not sure like just not
quite right in myself so hopefully this
will bring me around I'll save the rest
amazing but no doubt I might end up
finishing her but yeah this is a really
nice little healthy kick if you're
needing that especially at the beginning
of like a week or anything I mean if
you're not like a breakfast person -
this would be perfect and it's still
high-protein so whilst I'm sat here
drinking my smoothie I tried to say it
happy February first off I don't know
either I'm so glad January's over like
for some reason that just felt like a
long-ass month I couldn't tell you why
it just felt like it was never ended I
don't know right anyone else and I do
think January's a funny time like
there's a lot of January Blues knocking
around and this is that whole pressure
of like me and you me feeling as though
I haven't said enough goals or like oh I
don't even feel like I've got the life
together that kind of vibe I just know
like some of my friends as well I have
felt the same way so I wanted to just
address that on here like I had I set my
goals and stuff but I did have quite a
few weeks where I just felt super
anxious and I wasn't getting enough done
in a day and it's so normal to go
through them like moods and vibes and
just you know embrace it like we all
have good days and bad days and I'm not
going to sit here and say that I don't
have bad days as well like that's just
so not realistic like my physique and
training over Christmas I put on a lot
of I did put on quite a bit of weight
like if you haven't put away from
Christmas and I don't think either and
Christmas right be honest I didn't make
any like drastic changes to my diet or
training I just kind of went back to
myself normal routine and didn't stress
which it
first time I can actually ever say that
things I would say that helped you like
get back on whether it's getting back on
track or like getting back motivated to
find like a good routine that's the it's
you said like I try and stick to going
to the gym or training what other type
of training you do those but for me it's
like mainly weightlifting is for me like
first thing in the morning and get
through my workout and the post-workout
endorphins are pricey like that you get
from working out in the morning just
sets you up for the day and becomes
quite addictive so yeah one thing that
definitely hurts with motive like
staying motivated and consisting sino we
can all start off on a high in January
and then sort of fall off the wagon but
I would just say to like push through it
initially if like you're just starting
the gym and it's just starting out like
push through and I promise you those
post-workout and Dolphins are like just
how you'll feel after that workout will
be so worth it something else that I
know it really helps me is just to make
sure I'm eating well and don't get me
wrong
eating well doesn't mean like dieting or
eating like just lemons how it leaves
and lettuce but it really doesn't mean
that there's so many different ways like
you can make really really yummy foods
that make you feel good from the inside
out as well and has a bit cringe doesn't
it but literally it is so true and I
know myself like if I've had a few days
of eating crap like it really affects in
everything I do like if I just had to
take I just have like a week of eating
takeaways like I just feel sluggy get
yourself some plastic containers or jars
whatever you fancy and just prep some of
your meals like it doesn't have to be
breakfast in touch in it but maybe just
start with like breakfast or like your
lunch meals black for work or uni
whatever but that way you kind of you're
already prepped and you're not in that
like mindset flat ball just grab a quick
McDonald's for my lunch or just grab
something on the way to work just my
ability and like little healthy habits
like that I'm just preparing are in
advance just helps so much in terms
about you're not so focused from like
losing weight because I know for me if I
get like too obsessive
just doesn't happen and then this goes
back to my days when I'd have like the
huge binging cycles and
just like one unhealthy circle we are
heading straight to the gym and I'll
bring you along with me and really fancy
doing a hip workout today so I'll take
you through that
[Music]
I'm gonna take Penelope on a bit of a
walk in a bit there's that a huge field
but I take two and it's so nice to get
some steps in as well right and just
split my day up so if I'm working I just
have like this break and then take her
out been listening to audible lately
which has like a load of audiobooks on
and because I find it hard to sit down
sometimes and read like salient even in
like I just don't feel like it I've done
it a few times in the gym but I must
admit I do prefer listening to music
clarity especially if I'm feeling like
we're on can
unwrite of a today I would give that a
try if you are wanting to listen to like
more podcasts or books
[Music]
I'm dressed sitting down with coffee and
started on that my emails and of course
search for you I've only got a lot of
planning to do because I go to Chile and
Uruguay literally in less than a week
no and I only booked my hotel last night
so I've just got to see like decent
planning for that and make sure hopefuls
come out this was talking about earlier
I don't like it as a full chain this is
I had back there organizing to do and to
make sure like today I'm having to like
do two weeks work in his bath soothe
excited right if anyone's been to South
America or like have any travel tips or
hacks for Chile and Uruguay hitting the
yeah I'm gonna crack on someone my
laptop is here I'm not like talking to
her
so it's now at lunchtime and I'm going
to make some eggs on like a bagel maybe
a bit of avocado
proceed basic but so yummy so how much
had a babe in a while and I went to such
a nudity phase where I couldn't go down
without a baby girl in my life so you
know it's been a while I love these well
[Music]
how do I'm actually saying this right
now because I've never really been much
of like a big tea drinker I tried a
peppermint tea like about a month ago or
something and I've been obsessed since
really I just think it's recess fine I'm
trying to like have more teas rather
than I've got exams over and have more
teas opposed to always drinking coffee
throughout the day this is really nice
it's just bite wine into pure peppermint
it's really refreshing just saves me
from having another coffee and I always
like drinking stuff but I know how
boring water can be a time I thought I'd
be like Oh
during your bed mint tea but here we are
I think it helps a lot with bloating as
well
I know this is a bit random but I really
really like this kettle we got you can
not adjust the temperature on it and
things which is super handy you know if
you're in a rough start in the morning
see some wire and you want to have a cup
of tea or coffee but you don't want to
be waiting for it to cool down for you
so you can put it on like a 80 degree
[Music]
now I'm just gonna put it all goats
cheese some architecture
yes I thought I'd overdone the egg but
we managed I have actually got an egg
poacher that Mason got but I don't
really like using it to be honest it
doesn't cook them the same as like doing
it in boiling water with vinegar for
either need to slow down with my eating
honestly that was actually gone in less
than 30 seconds I'm sure their Nana this
puppy was so cheeky last night she woke
me and raised to know like multiple
times howling not even barking doing
this crazy hair off and don't really
know why we're trying to find like what
was going on like a realistic you know
during the week when you've got home
late or ever
I just like to like chuck this in and
it's super quick and easy BB is from
Tesco and their own like steamed mix and
vegetable by bird's eye let's go steamed
cauliflower bags which are actually so
delicious a corn crispy nugget switch
and really like pop the crispy minutes
in alone you can cook you cooked in some
frozen right in the microwave for 4 and
1/2 minute
[Music]
so here is my dinner you would never
ever know they were vegan like I just I
thought I'd try that neither weak and
quickly make some overnight oats for the
next few days the full recipe is over on
my meal prep video where it's all
explained and has a macros to
[Music]
just got these container so I just want
to run through some of masking tab but
something I'm absolutely loving and has
made such a difference with my
complexion is the chemical peel I've
been using this once a week for the past
six weeks now it's quite a big bottle
and because you only need like one or
two drops that he's gonna last me ages
but it's helped so much with my
complexion and like especially on my
fall here's a claim us as well that I've
been using this is really really nice
and just feel very natural as well and
then the miracle mask which I
desperately need to get some more of
because we're all out I was little ever
in this on like every night and it just
so it's like you've had like a facial
afterwards and I'm getting out the
shower I'm gonna have to hear about you
facial washes and planted lotion I used
this to take my actual makeup off a
simple word I've used this for quite a
while it's just really effective about
getting all scar off from on up and then
this just kind of leave something a
little more moisturize
[Music]
the clay mask smells really fruity
minutes usually quite like dries on your
face and then just wash it off and a
file or moisturizer I really hope you
enjoyed this video and let me know if
you'd want to see some more vlogs times
I haven't done like the days like this
in ages and I've really enjoyed it so I
really hope to see you guys in this
video